>> Shirley Wu: Okay I'm really,
really, really excited about this.
These are some of the sketches
that came out of the break.
And so the ask was just to sketch
out some simple charts
to do the exploration.
Just think of some of the questions and
then what charts might be good.
And so what I want to do is go
through some of these and then
maybe do two or
three of these in Vega Lite.
I'm going to have to admit that I''m
not going to remember how to do
all of them off the top of
my memory in Vega Lite so
there might be some searching
of the documentation together.
But I think that will be
good because inevitably,
that's something that
we're going to have to do.
So this one is beautiful.
But looking at the question of is
there any relationship between
the number of wins and popularity.
I think some of these are symbols,
so number of wins, so rating type?
So it's like IMDB rating,
meta score versus Rotten Tomatoes,
that would be really, really interesting.
That's a great one and then sized by
the box office number of wins, ratings.
So this one is looking at box office and
production company, is it?
And then bucket the number of wins,
sorry can you explain this
one a little bit more or.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
I think this one is less well thought out.
Originally I was thinking
a distribution by box office sales, and
then you can have a stacked chart
that showed the number of wins.
Kind of thought that maybe 0 to 5 is
light blue, 5 to 10 is dark blue.
>> Shirley Wu: Okay,
>> Shirley Wu: I think maybe for this one,
so you're saying it's a histogram and
the x-axis is box office figures, right?
And so bucket the number of wins.
Actually I think maybe it should be that
the colors are the production companies.
Cuz the production companies
are categorical and
specific colors are really great for
categorical.
Let's see some of these others.
So, and then there's also these
are movies by release date.
Okay, so out of these,
which one are you most curious about
to just kind of give a try?
>> Speaker 3: I like the bottom left
one with just the histogram of ratings,
and then you could bucket
total wins by genre.
>> Shirley Wu: So this, wait, left one?
>> Speaker 3: That one.
>> Shirley Wu: Okay, cool.
So total wins, so
percent readings, and then so
this is going to be, okay,
it's going to be numbered.
And then color by genre.
So let's do this one together.
But let's start out a little bit simpler.
Let's take out the genre part,
let's not color by genre first.
Let's only do the rating,
bucket it by rating,
and then by the number of total wins.
Let's take a look at that, and
then we'll try the colors.
So this is really cool, this is
the number of wins versus the popularity.
And then we can actually, and
then so I think what I want to
do is I think there was, so this
is looking at the popularity of
genre over the years, right?
>> Speaker 3: Over the months.
>> Shirley Wu: Over the months,
this is over the months.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, the idea is that you
could potentially select a range of years
to see per month, what other certain
genres are popular at a certain month.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, I love it.
So I think there was another one
that was going to be sort of
like a stacked bar chart.
It was a similar thing but in popularity
of different genres over the years,
and you wanted to do a stacked bar
chart where the x-axis is, the years?
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
Underneath is that.
So this is,
each genre would get a color, and
you would have the popularity
as the axis on the left there.
It's as simple as it sounds,
it's a line chart with categories.
But what we liked about it was
if you're dealing with a large
range the heat map becomes very
difficult to discriminate.
So when your bins are getting
to be very small and
vertical width,
I think a line does a much better
job of representing the essential
structure of what we're trying to show.
>> Shirley Wu: Okay, so let's do this.
Let's first look at that question about
wins versus popularity,
and then let's go and
try this as both a line chart, like either
a stack bar chart or an area chart.
it's pretty easy to switch between them,
so let's try that.
And then at the end let's
try the heat map and
let's see what we learned
from each of these.
This is quite exciting.
So let's start out with this question.
So let me see if I can
zoom in to just that part.
>> Shirley Wu: So let's try and
figure out how to do this one together.
So I have a digital
version of a white board